Support __extra__ for PEP 728. (#329)
python/typing_extensions: doc/index.rst

      are mutable if they do not carry the :data:`ReadOnly` qualifier.

      .. versionadded:: 4.9.0
    
    The experimental ``closed`` keyword argument and the special key

>     ``"__extra_items__"`` proposed in :pep:`728` are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``__extra_items__`` proposed in :pep:`728` are supported.
```

    When ``closed`` is unspecified or ``closed=False`` is given,

>     ``"__extra_items__"`` behave like a regular key. Otherwise, this becomes a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``__extra_items__`` behaves like a regular key. Otherwise, this becomes a
```

    special key that does not show up in ``__readonly_keys__``,
    ``__mutable_keys__``, ``__required_keys__``, ``__optional_keys``, or
    ``__annotations__``.

    For runtime introspection, two attributes can be looked at:

    .. attribute:: __closed__

>         A boolean flag indicating the value of the keyword argument ``closed``
>         on the current ``TypedDict``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        A boolean flag indicating whether the current ``TypedDict`` is considered closed.
```

        .. versionadded:: 4.10.0

    .. attribute:: __extra_items__

        The type annotation of the extra items allowed on the ``TypedDict``.

>         This attribute does not appear on a TypedDict that has itself and all

Reviewer: It should always exist, attributes that exist conditionally are a nuisance. The docs should specify that it is None both if `closed=False` and if it's explicitly set to None.

Author: I realized that it would be `type(None)` if it is explicitly set to `None`, so that would be even better.
